The Psychic Poker Player 
========================

In 5-card draw poker, a player is dealt a hand of five cards (which may be 
looked at). The player may then discard between zero and five of his or her 
cards and have them replaced by the same number of cards from the top of the 
deck (which is face down). The object is to maximize the value of the final 
hand. The different values of hands in poker are given at the end of this 
problem.

Normally the player cannot see the cards in the deck and so must use probability 
to decide which cards to discard. In this problem, we imagine that the poker 
player is psychic and knows which cards are on top of the deck. Write a program 
which advises the player which cards to discard so as to maximize the value of 
the resulting hand.


Input and Output

Input will consist of a series of lines, each containing the initial five cards 
in the hand then the first five cards on top of the deck. Each card is 
represented as a two-character code. The first character is the face-value 
(A=Ace, 2-9, T=10, J=Jack, Q=Queen, K=King) and the second character is the suit 
(C=Clubs, D=Diamonds, H=Hearts, S=Spades). Cards will be separated by single 
spaces. Each input line will be from a single valid deck, that is there will be 
no duplicate cards in each hand and deck.

Each line of input should produce one line of output, consisting of the initial 
hand, the top five cards on the deck, and the best value of hand that is 
possible. Input is terminated by end of file.

Use the sample input and output as a guide. Note that the order of the cards in 
the player's hand is irrelevant, but the order of the cards in the deck is 
important because the discarded cards must be replaced from the top of the deck. 
Also note that examples of all types of hands appear in the sample output, with 
the hands shown in decreasing order of value.

